late is such an ugly word. Let's just say this birthday card is… 	Promptness challenged. Happy Belated Birthday!
happy Birthday!	to a wonderful son on his birthday. We hope you have a great day!
wishing you more fun than a monkey who rides a little tricycle while smoking a pipe	Yeah, like anyone could have more fun than that… lucky monkey
happy birthday to someone so nice, you make the rest of us look like selfish mounds of crap!	I know you don't agree. How nice of you!
(p	Life is always bubblier when you're around
(p	experience has its advantages. Happy birthday
Gary didn’t know which was worse, discovering that he'd put his thond on backwards or realizing that it still fit	it's only a birthday don't sweat the small stuff
(p	See? There are things scarier than getting older. Happy birthday
for the golfer here's something to enjoy on your birthday	getting eighteen birdies in a row!
Happy birthday (s, and hey save those candles…	…there's enough wax to do your legs and your moustache. HA HA HA HA happy birthday
The ideal (c inventors and thinkers of every persuasion all gathered for a special occasion. Their task was to do what had never been done, to try to design the superlative (c. The experts assembled and pooled all their smarts. They all scratched their heads and consulted their charts. They made a long list they were very specific this (c we design will be mister terrific! He must be intelligent honest and wise and twice as good-looking as other guys. They typed in their list on a special machine and looked at the picture it showed on the screen. And now they all know what we already knew the (c that's ideal	that could only be you! Happy birthday!
I have connections in the birthday business	mention my name you'll get a good wish
you'll never believe this! I went down to the bank and drew out some money to give you for your birthday but on the way home I decided to stop at a bar for a beer. Well I laid the envelope with the money in in  on the bar and while I was drinking my beer a goat i swear it a g-o-a-t came walking right down the bar and ate my money! well you can imagine how surprised i was and how mad i got! So i called the bartender over and i said "did you know a goat just walked up and ate my money??!" and he said "i'm sorry but that goat belongs to the piano player." so i walked over to the piano player and tapped him on the shoulder and said "say buddy do you know that goat of yours just ate my money?' and he said...	… "no but hum a few bars and I'll fake it!!!" Oh well Happy Birthday
I burned you a CD for your birthday	guess I should have let it cool off first. Oh well Happy Birthday
(r without you my life would have been a mess…	… just like my room. Happy Birthday
if I ever miss your birthday, I hope to be struck by lightning	kaboom! Hope it was a good one!
a special message from the birthday fairy blow out your candles and you can have any wish you desire!	A special message from the birthday fairy's lawyer: Some restrictions apply limit one wish per customer. Valid only if all candles are extinguished in first breath. Customer may not wish for anything that violates natural laws (e.g. I wish I was young again) anything that increases customer's net worth (e.g. i wish i had a million dollars) anything that affects another human being (e.g. i wish my boss would be struck by a comet) anything unusually silly (e.g. I wish i had x-ray vision) or anything just plain sneaky (e.g. i wish i had ten more wishes) other than that the sky's the limit. all wishes are nonexchangeable and nonrefundable. time of wish fulfillment varies per customer. a $75 penalty applies to all cancelled wishes. additional restrictions apply. Have a really happy birthday!
don’t think of this as a mere birthday card	when filled with meat cheese and salsa you’ve got yourself a paper taco! Happy Birthday!
sweetheart everybody needs somebody	I'm glad my somebody is you! Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday from all of us everyone thinks their (c's the best, but they can't all be right	our (c's the best! We love our (c #1 (c Just us
I wish I weren't an old man… POOF! Son-of-a (k	be careful what you wish for. Happy (h
"Speak softly and carry a big stick. Unless you can ride a dinosaur. Then do that instead." Theodore Roosevelt U.S. President	happy (h! celebrate like a boss!
To get this card for you, I had to leave the house and interact with other humans.	You're one of the few people who's worth all that.
getting older takes (ks.	You've got what it takes to fave another year.
To my beautiful (u	Through the years we've seen the changes life can bring and stood by each other in so many ways. We've shared the big moments and the little everyday things that make our life together so special… We're so comfortable and happy together… I know that I'll love you forever.
happy (h…	to one of the good (n
"age defying"	can't a (r believe in magic? Happy (h
(p	(e
I bought you this birthday card for 5 reasons… 1. It's your (h! 2. it's a nice way to say I'm thinking about you. 3. The voices!! Oh, my (r… those hideous voices made me… they made me… they're driving me, mad, I tell you! Please… help me… 4. you're special! 5. you mean the world to me!	Happy (h! and don’t worry… I'll be fine… just... fine…
you may be a year older…	but you haven't lost your cool! Happy (h
(p	bet you didn't expect to get a paper pickle for your (h!
none of the mush, none of the sap	a (h wish without the (k.
On your (h (f, I want to thank you for teaching me so many valuable lessons, like… "Money doesn't grow on chickens before they're hatched," "The early bird gets a job worth doing well," and "Two wrongs don’t make a penny earned."	… and you thought everything you said wnt in one ear, and walked a mile in their shoes. Have a good one, (f
Happy (h, (f. every year you say something like, "oh I don’t want anything for my (h," or "Don’t go spending money on me," Well, (f, I just have one thing to say…	… no problem. (by the way, could you reimburse me for this card? Thanks.)
Don’t worry about another (h. Age hasn’t affected you a bit.	I said… age hasn’t affected you a bit!
Another (h? Well there are plently of great party games for people your age…	musical rockers, spin the antacid bottle, teeth, teeth, who's got the teeth?... Try not to think about it and have a happy (h
Whatever you do, daughter, do not open this card! Of course it’s tempting, but don’t open it! Listen, lay it down before its too late! Don’t open it! No! don’t!... 	you still haven't changed… you still don’t do what you're told! (but you're loved anyway!) happy (h!
I love you, (f	as children grow older and time slips away, they seldom express all their hearts want to say. But, (f, I am hoping that you know the love and affection I don’t always show… and I wish that today and all days will be as wonderfully happy as you've made life for me, happy (h
my (r saw you naked.	he says your birthday suit needs ironing.
valid excuses for missing someone's (h: 1, massive earthquakes. 2. huge asteroid crashing into our planet. 3. amnesia brought on by alien abduction. 4. trapped in cave-in at the diamond mine. 5. computer error. 6. whirlwind romance with a european royal.	I'm goin with number five. It's the one my bank always uses, and if it's good enough for them, it's good enough for me. Hope it was happy!
(p	born to be wild happy (h
You’re like a (r to me. Funny how sometimes you meet someone and there's an instant connection. I knew I could trust you immediately with my innermost thoughts and feelings, that you'd protect them like your own. Over time, you've become more of a sister than a friend, being there not only to laugh but to hold my hand when times get difficult.	you naturally sense when I need you the most… and when I need to be alone you gladly give me space. You allow me to see the world and my life in a new light. Funny how an instant (n friend turned out to be an amazing (n friend to cherish for a lifetime. happy (h
Wanted to give you something extra special for your (h…	… but how do you wrap a big hug? Happy (h!
(f it's no surprise that you're so great…	coolness runs in the family! Happy (h
for your (h, though you would like a little cool cash…	place in refrigerator for 10 minutes and have a happy (h!
happy (h! you know what they say… if the shoe fits… (e	…buy a bag and an outfit to match!
how old did you say you are this (h?	oh well, happy (h
happy (h to someone who's terrific!	kind, funny, smart, hip, clever, fun-loving, clever, etc., etc., etc. what could I possible add to that?
Celebrate yourself today. Today, in the midst of your busy life, may you have at least one moment to sit back and relax… when you don’t have to do anything or be anywhere in particular…	may you have a moment to reflect on the past year and all you've accomplished and to look forward to all that may be waiting for you in the year ahead… but mostly, in that moment, may you realize here and now what a gift your life is… not just to you but to everyone who knows you. happy (h
a hip (h tip as you get older, the trick to staying cool is to be yourself,	congratulations, you're back in style! Have a happy one!
you're (o!	today you're not just seven, it's your (h and you're (o! so have a day that's just like you… extra cool and great! Happy (h!
for a special (n	hope you'll have fun whatever you do… and your day will be special, exactly like you! Happy (h
dork, nerd, goob, dweeb, geek	… not to mention a pretty cool (f (for a doofus) happy (h
with you for a (f, our family has been more fun, more exciting, a little noisier…	… and a whole lot cooler! Happy (h (f!
(hs are like messy computer workstations…	it gets harder every day to keep your (ks off the desk.
big hair	mega-hold hair spray
(p (e	happy (h!
another year older? Watch out for the (r fairy…	(r fairy, (r fairy, (r fairy, (r fairy, (r fairy, (r fairy. Everytime (u visits (u brings more of its friends along!
party on	happy (h
(r would like to say a few words about you on your (h!	to make a story short… you're terrific! Hope your (h is too!
(p	hope you catch the perfect wave of fun on your (h! happy (h!
happy birthday, (f!	today the world revolves around you! Have a good one!
fun! Fun! Fun!	hope your (h is programmed for fun! Happy (h
what would you rather have for your birthday… love or money?	how about both?! Happy birthday!
wishing you…	a (king good (h!!!
on your (h for the joy you bring to everything and everyone around you…	may happy hours, like lovely flowers, blossom and surround you! Happy (h!
philosophy 101 plato oops…	there's no one quite like you happy (h!
it's your (h!	I figured you deserve the best (k (h card money could buy.
want to see something cute in a birthday card?	here you go! Happy (h!
(p	ha! Ha! Ha! I'll always be younger than you! Happy (h
for my cool (f on (n birthday if you were any cooler…	you'd be me! Happy (h
(f , you’re an angel	Who's the sweet little angel who spreads so much brightness everywhere that (n goes? (n makes people smile, and (ns loved a whole bunch… why, (n must be you, heaven knowns! Happy (h
(f you're such an inspiration in my life	you celebrate life each day with the special way you live each moment… giving, and lauging, and caring so deeply, I wonder if you even realize what an inspiration you are. Happy (h to beautiful you.
(f, I know having a (c like me hasn't always been easy, but keep smiling…	after all I could've been twins! Happy (h (f
(f, you're one of a kind	you are unique. You're not just anybody… your family knows it, and you know it. You are yourself, and the way you express your individuality is what makes you special… and you're loved so much just because you’re you. Happy (h
my soul mate, my heart's true love, my soul mate, my heart's true love. I'm so thankful that (r brought us together…	I love you with all my heart, and I'll celebrate you forever. Happy (h
save the earth! It's the only planet with chocolate.	(p (e
happy (h!	wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy… happy (h! 
you're (o let loose! Get down!	this is no ordinary day! Happy (h
happy (h	warmest wishes for a very happy (h and may the year ahead bring joy and happiness
to a (n on (ns birthday. When pictures from your childhood are in faded black and white, when people start to notice that you've lost an inch of height… When instrad of breaking hearts, you're breaking wind and both your hips, when you get a coronary every time the market dips... when all your favorite athletes are retired and overweight, when your closet's filled with clothing that's absurdly out-of-date... When your bladder starts behaving like the falls in niagara, when you just can;t get aroused without the drug (r... when all these things start happening don't let it wreck your mood...	it's nature's way of telling you you're one maturing (n! notice how I didn't say old? Happy (h
it's your birthday again!?	geez… weren't you old enough last year?
you're how old? Wow… in dog years, that's like…	oops, never mind. Happy (h anyway!
happy (h	wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy… happy (h! 
for my (f. some people brage about their spacious home and yard… some people like to boast of how they always work so hard… some brag of all the foreign lands that they have traveled to…	but what I love to brag about is my (f you! Happy (h!
The world is so noist, sometimes it’s hard to hear the things that really matter. So today I want to listen, to the sound of your breathing, the rhythms of your walk, to your words, to your silences…	and I hope that you will listen, too, because if you do, you will hear, amid the din of traffic and rining phones and elevator music, a voice… my voice… whispering softly, I love you, happy (h
it's your (h!	dream a happy (h dream that starts when you awake… a dream of friends and joy and love, good times and lots of cake! Then dream a dream of wonderful to last the whole year through, and know what? Everything you dream is what I'm wishing you!
(k where's the (r when you need it?	on your (h may you not suffer the humiliation of (r-droop.
to discover if you're really old on your birthday, look to the east…	did your neck hurt when you turned your head?
it’s your (h, (f, so forget about everybody and everything!	in other words, pretend you are (u when (ns on the computer.
(f… knock, knock, thump, thump, bang, bang, bump, bump	I come to bring you a big wish (r have a (king (h!
(f may your (h be as full of joy…	… as my room is full of junk! Love you, (f
for a special (f	the love tucked in this (h card and all the wishes, too, are for a special (f and that, of course, means you! Happy (h and happiness all year
howdy, (f!	(p (e
Honey, I not only see you as a beautiful (u, wonderful (f, and best (r…	I also see you as "(g the jungle (king (r" but we can talk about that later. Happy (h
Take it easy! Take a day! Take some time to get away! Get outside! Get some air! Get some wild clothes to wear! Go have fun! Go to a zoo! Go and pet some caribou!	Make a wish! Make it sweet! Have a day that can't be beat! Happy, happy (h!
Some people make the world special just by being in it.	you are one of those people. Happy (h
A little wish that's short and sweet	happy (h. now when do we eat?
From both of us on your birthday	… because you have a very special place in our thoughts and in our hearts.
happy (h	(p (e
They say that if you make a wish on your (h, it may come true.	so wish for me to win a million (rs. …hey… I got you a card. You owe me.
as a little (h treat, your picture has just been taken. Wait (o seconds, pull tab.	happy (h
roaring in on this special date because today you've turned (o mate!	hope you're wearing a smile on your face and you're hop-hop-hoppin' all over the place!
(p	no one will mind if you stuff your face today. Happy (h
(p (e	have a happy (h or the (r gets it
(f, for your (h, I was going to get you a cute little card that says "I love you!"	but you're such a great (f, I decided to get you… a cute big card that says (you guessed it)… I love you (f!
(f… you won’t believe the deal I got on your (h present. Never thought I could afford it… a brand new (r!	(just soak in water, and watch this (r go!) happy (h
we have reached the ideal age…	somewhere between "younger than springtime" and "older than dirt!" enjoy your (h!
(p (e	it's not going to eat itself, you know! Happy (h
Getting older is like driving a (r in a (r-storm.	you really, really shouldn't put your top down.
(r treadmill	(p (e
it's your (h, oh yeah! It's your (h, ohhhh yeahhhh, (r! how are you holding the (r?	don’t think too hard on your (h… just celebrate.
on your (h, it's ok if you wake up grumpy.	or you can just let him sleep. Make a cup of coffee and enjoy the quiet.
oh! My back! Ow! My neck! Ouch! My knee!	remember when life was just a pain in the (king (r? happy (h
(rs	may you be as happy as the first cat who figures out how to work a (r opener. Happy (h
(f, here's a (h card that truly captures the exhilarating experience of raising children…	you can't make it do what it's supposed to (thanks for trying, though, and have a great (h!)
you're (o and you still rock…	and not in a rocking chair. Not even close. Happy (h
(p	your birthday calls for a grocery cart at the (king liquor store!
a long, long, long time ago…	you were born.
celebrate like a (r.	lay in the sun, sleep, go throw up in a corner.
Another year of you is a wonderful thing!	your (h calls for the ultimate happy dance!
we may be getting a little older physically…	… but mentally we're still tarp as shacks! Happy (h
a little bird told me how old you are!	so I ate it! Happy (h
you're like a son to me. In our family, theres just one way to describe someone like you…	awesome! Totally awesome! Happy (h!
happy (h	best wishes for a great day from all of us!
aw, (k… you're not old.	I think they call it vintage these days. Happy (h!
(p (e	does somebody need a (h hug?
(hs are probably necessary. (e	but every (k year??? Have a good one!
remember… it's not how old you are. It's how young you feel!	HA HA HA HA HA! That's a good one! Happy birthday
moo-shu pork	have a pork perfectly wonderful (h!
I asked the wise man on the mountain the secret of a long life. As my (h gift to you, I'd like to pass along his infinite words of wisdom…	keep breathing as long as possible! Happy (h
for our wonderful (f on your (h	we're thinking of the happy times we've spent together, the pride you've always brought, and the love that we'll keep sharing through all the years to come. Have a very happy (h, (f
